Iman Al kudri has finally made it to a
health center in Rafa to have a baby
vaccinated a crucial dose against polio
was delayed because of the ongoing war
after being displaced from Gaza City
Iman has struggled to find a clinic that
was stopped with a
vaccine her vaccination was delayed
because it was never brought in or it
was brought in but in insufficient
quantities because the children of the
whole Gaza Strip have to come to Rafa
there were some in kanun
but got
dispat hundreds of parents are bringing
their infants and children to this
Center for vaccinations the United
Nations Children's agency UNICEF says it
has delivered at least 600,000 doses of
vaccines to Gaza the agency estimates
nearly 177,000 infants have missed one
or more routine vaccines an Israeli
blockade during its ongoing War has
prevented crucial supplies including
medicines from entering the
strip the ones that were brought in
include the oral polio vaccine given by
mouth it is for polio the vaccine that
treats pomal pneumonia and the vaccines
for measles rebella MPS as well as
tuberculosis these are the vaccines that
have
arrived the vaccine supply has entered
Gaza through the Rafa border with Egypt
it's sufficient for nearly 300,000
infants and children under the age of
five over the coming years
[Music]
rham Musa a resident of Rafa is rushing
to the center to have a month old baby
vaccinated the vaccine is 13 days late
and I'm worried about the girl because
of diseases so when I heard that the
vaccine is available here I came quickly
because if it is delayed any further the
child could contract any
diseases the much needed vaccine Supply
comes as the threat of infectious
diseases crows in the strip the
challenge Health officials face is to
administer vaccinations among the
displaced living in temporary shelters
across the territory um kulsum Sharif Al
jaer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer